## Feature
- Designed hierarchy data structure, bottom-up from truth table, circuit to database
- Included bit set manipulation, smart-pointer based truth table
- File I/O included for truth table reading and output writing
## Introduction
Database of circuits is based on hashmap provided by STL library, 
the key part is a string produced by each identical circuit, 
the value part stores single circuit including turthtable and circuit name.

For equivlent circuits, reconnecting the input ports and output ports does not 
require a new combinational circuit design. As for the truth table,
the input colomuns or the output colomuns can be swaped without limitation, except
swaping between input and output ports.

**Key generation**

The identical key of circuit is generated by a member function in class circuit.
In brief, The generate method just counts 0 or 1 in the truth table, and does not
include rows or columns permuting. For each row counts number of true signal of 
input ports, then counts number of true signal on output ports according to the
truth table. Record the info as two layers of map like map<int, map<int, int>> keyMap,
map<int input, map<int output, int count>>. Each rows provide a pattern of input
and output, if it matches up the count will increase by 1. The info collecting
is finished as every row is iterated by the algorithm. Next step is converting
this data structure to plain string as string key.

## Architecture
|Main|
|---|
||
<!-- ← → ↑ ↓ -->
## Example output